# ML-Pathfinder
# Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
I implemented a machine learning model that uses deep Q learning. The model controls an avatar which traverses a 2D maze. Each maze is randomly generated and includes obstacles to avoid and an endpoint to arrive at. To achieve a balance between exploration and exploitation, my program uses a decaying epsilon value which reaches a minimum of 0.01.
# What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
It is a computer scientist's job to finesse digital machines to perform desired behavior. Computer scientists generally do this by writing code. Since computer programs are responsible for so many professional processes, from banking systems to inventory management to physics simulations, the world literally could not function without computer scientists.
# How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
As a computer scientist, the best way to approach problems is to divide them into easier, smaller problems. This is the process I used to write a machine learning algorithm. I carefully analyzed the steps involved in deep Q learning, looked at code examples, and worked step by step to achieve the end result.
# What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
It is important to follow one's conscience. If your gut feeling is telling you that something is wrong or that your program may be used for malicious purposes, it is best to listen to that instinct and to disengage from potentially harmful projects. When it comes to AI in particular, it is imperative that AI does not infringe on users' privacy rights. Machine learning training data should always be scraped of personally-identifying information. My ethical obligations to any potential organizations, whether public or private sector, are to follow best programming practices and to only implement features requested of me or reasonable within the scope of the project.
